Joe: Hey! Brian.
Brian Olson: Hey, Joe, how you doing.
Joe: I'm good where the heck is. Everybody.
Brian Olson: Let's see, I think we got now Shay coming into the waiting rooms. I'll let Shay in.
Joe: Hey? So how was your long weekend? Nice.
Brian Olson: It was good good guy, actually made it to
Brian Olson: Vegas the day before the weekend officially started. So I was out there for a couple of days, and.
Joe: Nice.
Brian Olson: Yeah, we.
Joe: Stay out there.
Brian Olson: Stayed one day at planet Hollywood before we actually got an Airbnb. It was that we met up with a a group and actually did a fancy football draft out there. So
Brian Olson: what?
Brian Olson: Yeah.
Joe: Do know. Football starts in September.
Brian Olson: Yeah, this is a quite, quite the League. It's a dynasty. So we.
Joe: All right.
Brian Olson: It's a rookie draft. So.
Joe: Okay, I've I've done dynasty. One of the guys here does a lot of it. I I stuck with the old school old school draft.
Brian Olson: Yeah. The redraft. Yeah.
Joe: Well, we used to do it all used to be all in person, but now we got people came in Bermuda.
Joe: Canada states. So it's a little hard, yeah, a little hard to pull it off.
Brian Olson: I imagine.
Joe: All right. I'm gonna there's Randy.
Joe: and just for your reference. Brian Shay has worked with the bank for many, many years, probably 15 years.
Brian Olson: Wow! Okay.
Brian Olson: Terrific.
Joe: Him and Randy are in constant communication.
Brian Olson: Love it all right.
Joe: I just had a really nice call with Andrea.
Brian Olson: Oh, terrific, awesome! On the installation side.
Joe: Yeah, quick question for you to do the trial David, our engineer, just email, me, do we have to officially be a partner for him to download the agent.
Brian Olson: No, no.
Joe: Okay.
Joe: Yeah. Cause he had asked me a question about it. I'll I'll just.
Brian Olson: Yeah, no, not a worry at all. Nothing like that. So you could set it up as soon as today if you'd like.
Joe: Okay, hey? Randy?
Randy’s iPhone: Hi! How's it going.
Joe: Good, how you doing.
Randy’s iPhone: Pretty good. I'm just trying to log in right now. I have the team with me, but we're trying to bring it on the big screen.
Joe: Okay, please.
Joe: You had.
Randy’s iPhone: Who
Joe: You see it see it on the big screen better than the iphone.
Randy’s iPhone: Right now. So
Randy’s iPhone: the iphone zoom. But I just want to let everyone know trying to get the big screen.
Brian Olson: Right on.
Joe: All good.
Joe: Do you sneak in any golf games out there.
Brian Olson: That's funny. You mentioned it 1st time I've golfed in 11 months. We snuck out to
Brian Olson: a little golf course about 10 miles outside of Vegas. So
Brian Olson: my game was rough for the 1st 7 holes before I got my swing back.
Brian Olson: But it was a really good time, and it's beautiful out there. You just, you know you can't hit it. If you miss the fairway or miss the rough you're in trouble. You're in the desert. So yeah, it's it was a good time, though.
Joe: Yeah, I was there 3 times last year, you know, once for business and a couple of social events. And I'm good. I don't need to go back in 2025.
Brian Olson: You got your fixing? All right?
Brian Olson: Yeah, it's always a. It's a great city to go for one or 2 days. And then after that I'm like, all right, I I gotta get out of there.
Joe: Do you drive? Do you drive or fly?
Brian Olson: No, I I always fly, but I do have a a buddy who lives near me, who meets up for that fantasy football draft, and he is deathly afraid of flying, so he literally will do the, I think, like 8 or 9 h.
Joe: I will!
Brian Olson: Yeah.
Joe: Roof.
Brian Olson: So.
Joe: So yeah.
Joe: Long went for a weekend.
Brian Olson: Yeah, it's quite the journey, but
Brian Olson: guess it's worth it in the end.
Joe: Show you. There.
Shea: Hi, Joe, good afternoon. Everyone. Yeah. I'm here. Can you hear me?
Brian Olson: We got you.
Joe: Gotcha.
Shea: Okay. Sorry. Just keep my mic on for a minute. Here. I've got a bit of a cough.
Joe: Just
Joe: Hopefully Randy gets it set up in a minute. We'll be good to go.
Shea: Okay. I'll be here.
Joe: Right.
Brian Olson: Joe, how often are you able to get out on the on the links.
Joe: I've been playing a you know.
Joe: once every couple of weeks here since I got back. When I was in Cayman for a couple of years, and
Joe: they only have one course there and plus for about 5 months a year. It's too darn hot.
Joe: It's not dry heat down there it is.
Brian Olson: Yeah.
Joe: Can only only imagine.
Joe: So, yeah, I'm playing Saturday.
Joe: yeah, I I you know there's a lot more courses in Bermuda thankfully. So I'll get out every once in a while.
Brian Olson: That's awesome.
Brian Olson: Yeah. I wonder what what the what it was like in in the Cayman Islands. But you said it was. There's only literally one course. There.
Joe: There's there's 1 18 hole course
Joe: and it's not bad. It's flat and the Ritz has a 9 hole course.
Brian Olson: Gosh!
Joe: Here you got a couple of classics, some really couple of nice, really beautiful courses.
Brian Olson: Awesome.
Randy’s iPhone: Sorry about that.
Randy’s iPhone: our computers are not liking zoom right now. We do things on on teams. So the big computers not log in but my team, which is probably just log in with their phones. So we'll all be here.
Brian Olson: The other thing we could do is if I don't have access to my team's account right now. But if one of you creates a teams meeting and sends the invite to everybody that needs to join myself and Joe included. I'll be happy to join that, and then we can do it that way. It's up to you.
Joe: I mean, I can do that, Randy, in 5 in 5 min. I just need I need to know who all I mean. I guess, Randy, I could just send it to you, and you could present, and then say.
Randy’s iPhone: To Tamara.
Randy’s iPhone: Oh, Tamara is actually doing it right now. Actually.
Joe: Okay.
Randy’s iPhone: I can accept the teams invite, and then me, Randy and Sam are all here. So if you create the meeting, I'll join, and there's 3 of us in the room.
Joe: One sec.
Joe: I'll set it for 3, 10
Joe: man.
Joe: Alright! Give me a sec. Sorry.
Brian Olson: No worries go for it.
Joe: I know I know how to do teams meetings.
Joe: Alright. Give a sec, so we'll set it for
Joe: Randy.
Joe: Shay.
Joe: Okay, sure, I got it 3, 15.
Joe: Oh, sorry, guys, I didn't put in the subject, but you'll see it.
Randy’s iPhone: Oh, that's fine!
Joe: So I can just cancel. Can we just
Joe: start again? Yeah, hang up and start again. Type of thing is that best.
Randy’s iPhone: Yep.
Brian Olson: Perfect. Alright. Well, I'll see you all over there.
Joe: Yep, thanks.